Motivation:
This CANDI application tests how Computer-Aided Diagnosis (CAD) utilities affect a human's interpretations.

Background:
We'll compare 2 modes of CAD delivery: concurrent and second-reader.
- In concurrent mode, the user receives algorithm support during the entire case interpretation.
- In second reader mode algorithm support is only provided after the user formulates an initial unaided impression.

General Instructions:
To begin, enter your user name and click "Begin Trial"
  if you're disconnected or need a break, you can exit and resume later by returning to this page and entering your name exactly the same way (case-sensitive)

A test image will be displayed along with the patient's history of present illness
  additional CAD utilities will sometimes be provided. A banner at the top of the page declares whether CAD is provided in concurrent or second-reader mode.

Select any pathology you believe is evident in the image, write a note, and click "Submit Impression"
  if you were in concurrent reader mode, CANDI will load the subsequent test radiograph
  if you were in second-reader mode, you'll now be provided CAD utiltiies and you can modify and resubmit your answers


CNN Utilities:  Convolutional Neural Networks were applied in 3 ways to provide these 3 CAD utilities
1) Classification: the network was trained to predict disease in the whole image and output a probability for each disease
2) Segmentation: the network assesses different image regions and proposes possible locations of pathology, along with the confidence score.
3) Image Embedding for Similarity Search
The test image and historical images are quantified using a CNN, and then the distribution of images is displayed with
principal components.  The current test image is denoted by a blue circle, and all historical images are denoted by black
circles.  Use the dropbox items to change the PC axis or color by covariates to help search for historical images.  Hover over any black
circle with the mouse to retrieve display the corresponding radiograph and its associated radiologist note and curators interpretation of findings.
